# raytracer.js
# Austin Fahsl, Joel Shapiro
Scene #1:
    Two dark gray triangles and one light gray, reflective triangle. The dark gray triangles are on the bottom of the screen, one larger and underneath the other. There are two point light sources midway between the light gray triangle and the large dark gray triangle. The left light source emits red light, whereas the right light source emits blue light. This scene demonstrates the different types of lighting. Underneath the smallest triangle, there is a dark gray area that shows the ambient light of the scene. To the immediate left and right of this area, the diffuse light from each source is seen, but only one at a time. Even further out, there is a pink and a purple area that is created by mixing all of the light from both sources. In the center, smaller triangle, the lights can be seen blending. Above, on the light gray, reflective triangle, the reflection of the lower triangles can be seen, including their respective blended colors. The light sources shine on this triangle as well, but the specular part of the light covers less area due to the shininess of the reflective triangle.

Scene #2:
    A beige sphere hovers in front of two blue, reflective triangles. There is one point light source in front of the sphere, as well as one far back behind the sphere. The shadow of the sphere can be partially seen in the lower triangle. The triangles are different shades, which is caused by different levels of diffuse light from the near point source. The reflection of the sphere can be seen on each triangle, which is perfectly blended with the natural blue color of the triangles. The reflection of the sphere appears white because the far light source has a very intense white specular component that reflects off of the back of the sphere and onto the triangles. There is also a red cube below the sphere that can be seen directly and in the reflective triangles.
